devlog.txt
dynamicimages.rpy
dynamicimages.rpyc
gui.rpy
gui.rpy.1.bak
gui.rpyc
init.rpy
init.rpyc
options.rpy
options.rpyc
screens.rpy
screens.rpy.1.bak
screens.rpyc
script.rpy
script.rpyc
bgs\classroom evening.png
bgs\classroom.png
bgs\hallway school evening.png
bgs\hallway school.png
bgs\school.png
cache\bytecode.rpyb
cache\pyanalysis.rpyb
cache\screens.rpyb
cgs\CHIHIRO_1_16x9.png
cgs\CHIHIRO_FULL.png
gui\AnimeNEXT-HIDIVE-logo.png
gui\Seagull_Wine.ttf
gui\Stanberry.ttf
gui\frame.png
gui\frame.png.1.bak
gui\game_menu.png
gui\main_menu.png
gui\monofonto.ttf
gui\namebox.png
gui\namebox.png.1.bak
gui\notify.png
gui\notify.png.1.bak
gui\nvl.png
gui\nvl.png.1.bak
gui\skip.png
gui\skip.png.1.bak
gui\textbox.png
gui\textbox.png.1.bak
gui\window_icon.png
gui\bar\bottom.png
gui\bar\bottom.png.1.bak
gui\bar\left.png
gui\bar\left.png.1.bak
gui\bar\right.png
gui\bar\right.png.1.bak
gui\bar\top.png
gui\bar\top.png.1.bak
gui\button\check_foreground.png
gui\button\check_foreground.png.1.bak
gui\button\check_selected_foreground.png
gui\button\check_selected_foreground.png.1.bak
gui\button\choice_hover_background.png
gui\button\choice_hover_background.png.1.bak
gui\button\choice_idle_background.png
gui\button\choice_idle_background.png.1.bak
gui\button\hover_background.png
gui\button\hover_background.png.1.bak
gui\button\idle_background.png
gui\button\idle_background.png.1.bak
gui\button\quick_hover_background.png
gui\button\quick_hover_background.png.1.bak
gui\button\quick_idle_background.png
gui\button\quick_idle_background.png.1.bak
gui\button\radio_foreground.png
gui\button\radio_foreground.png.1.bak
gui\button\radio_selected_foreground.png
gui\button\radio_selected_foreground.png.1.bak
gui\button\slot_hover_background.png
gui\button\slot_hover_background.png.1.bak
gui\button\slot_idle_background.png
gui\button\slot_idle_background.png.1.bak
gui\overlay\confirm.png
gui\overlay\confirm.png.1.bak
gui\overlay\game_menu.png
gui\overlay\game_menu.png.1.bak
gui\overlay\main_menu.png
gui\overlay\main_menu.png.1.bak
gui\phone\nvl.png
gui\phone\nvl.png.1.bak
gui\phone\textbox.png
gui\phone\textbox.png.1.bak
gui\phone\bar\bottom.png
gui\phone\bar\bottom.png.1.bak
gui\phone\bar\left.png
gui\phone\bar\left.png.1.bak
gui\phone\bar\right.png
gui\phone\bar\right.png.1.bak
gui\phone\bar\top.png
gui\phone\bar\top.png.1.bak
gui\phone\button\check_foreground.png
gui\phone\button\check_foreground.png.1.bak
gui\phone\button\check_selected_foreground.png
gui\phone\button\check_selected_foreground.png.1.bak
gui\phone\button\hover_background.png
gui\phone\button\hover_background.png.1.bak
gui\phone\button\idle_background.png
gui\phone\button\idle_background.png.1.bak
gui\phone\button\radio_foreground.png
gui\phone\button\radio_foreground.png.1.bak
gui\phone\button\radio_selected_foreground.png
gui\phone\button\radio_selected_foreground.png.1.bak
gui\phone\button\slot_hover_background.png
gui\phone\button\slot_hover_background.png.1.bak
gui\phone\button\slot_idle_background.png
gui\phone\button\slot_idle_background.png.1.bak
gui\phone\overlay\game_menu.png
gui\phone\overlay\game_menu.png.1.bak
gui\phone\overlay\main_menu.png
gui\phone\overlay\main_menu.png.1.bak
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_bar.png.1.bak
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_thumb.png.1.bak
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_bar.png.1.bak
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_thumb.png.1.bak
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_hover_bar.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_hover_bar.png.1.bak
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_hover_thumb.png.1.bak
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_idle_bar.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_idle_bar.png.1.bak
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_idle_thumb.png.1.bak
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_hover_bar.png.1.bak
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_hover_thumb.png.1.bak
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_idle_bar.png.1.bak
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_idle_thumb.png.1.bak
gui\phone\slider\vertical_hover_bar.png
gui\phone\slider\vertical_hover_bar.png.1.bak
gui\phone\slider\vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui\phone\slider\vertical_hover_thumb.png.1.bak
gui\phone\slider\vertical_idle_bar.png
gui\phone\slider\vertical_idle_bar.png.1.bak
gui\phone\slider\vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui\phone\slider\vertical_idle_thumb.png.1.bak
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_bar.png.1.bak
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_thumb.png.1.bak
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_bar.png.1.bak
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_thumb.png.1.bak
gui\scrollbar\vertical_hover_bar.png
gui\scrollbar\vertical_hover_bar.png.1.bak
gui\scrollbar\vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui\scrollbar\vertical_hover_thumb.png.1.bak
gui\scrollbar\vertical_idle_bar.png
gui\scrollbar\vertical_idle_bar.png.1.bak
gui\scrollbar\vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui\scrollbar\vertical_idle_thumb.png.1.bak
gui\slider\horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui\slider\horizontal_hover_bar.png.1.bak
gui\slider\horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui\slider\horizontal_hover_thumb.png.1.bak
gui\slider\horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui\slider\horizontal_idle_bar.png.1.bak
gui\slider\horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui\slider\horizontal_idle_thumb.png.1.bak
gui\slider\vertical_hover_bar.png
gui\slider\vertical_hover_bar.png.1.bak
gui\slider\vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui\slider\vertical_hover_thumb.png.1.bak
gui\slider\vertical_idle_bar.png
gui\slider\vertical_idle_bar.png.1.bak
gui\slider\vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui\slider\vertical_idle_thumb.png.1.bak
saves\_reload-2-LT1.save
saves\auto-1-LT1.save
saves\auto-10-LT1.save
saves\auto-2-LT1.save
saves\auto-3-LT1.save
saves\auto-4-LT1.save
saves\auto-5-LT1.save
saves\auto-6-LT1.save
saves\auto-7-LT1.save
saves\auto-8-LT1.save
saves\auto-9-LT1.save
saves\navigation.json
saves\persistent
sprites\glasses.png
sprites\chi\base.png
sprites\chi\brow default.png
sprites\chi\e angry.png
sprites\chi\e default.png
sprites\chi\e sad.png
sprites\chi\ec angry.png
sprites\chi\ec default.png
sprites\chi\ec happy.png
sprites\chi\ec normal.png
sprites\chi\ec sad.png
sprites\chi\ec surprised.png
sprites\chi\m default.png
sprites\chi\m smile.png
sprites\chi\m surprised.png
sprites\chi\mc default.png
sprites\chi\mc sad.png
sprites\tsu\base.png
sprites\tsu\e angry.png
sprites\tsu\e default.png
sprites\tsu\e sad.png
sprites\tsu\ec angry.png
sprites\tsu\ec default.png
sprites\tsu\ec sad.png
sprites\tsu\m default.png
sprites\tsu\m happy.png
sprites\tsu\mc happy.png
sprites\tsu\mc sad.png
sprites\tsu\thinking.png
tl\None\common.rpym
tl\None\common.rpymc
ui\textbox.png
ui\main\background.png
ui\main\extras_hover.png
ui\main\extras_idle.png
ui\main\girls.png
ui\main\load_hover.png
ui\main\load_idle.png
ui\main\logo.png
ui\main\prefs_hover.png
ui\main\prefs_idle.png
ui\main\quit_hover.png
ui\main\quit_idle.png
ui\main\satan.png
ui\main\start_hover.png
ui\main\start_idle.png
ui\navigation\background.png
ui\navigation\load_hover.png
ui\navigation\load_idle.png
ui\navigation\load_selected_idle.png
ui\navigation\prefs_hover.png
ui\navigation\prefs_idle.png
ui\navigation\prefs_selected_idle.png
ui\navigation\quit_hover.png
ui\navigation\quit_idle.png
ui\navigation\return_hover.png
ui\navigation\return_idle.png
ui\navigation\save_hover.png
ui\navigation\save_idle.png
ui\navigation\save_insensitive.png
ui\navigation\save_selected_idle.png
ui\navigation\title_hover.png
ui\navigation\title_idle.png
ui\navigation\title_insensitive.png
ui\prefs\bar_empty.png
ui\prefs\bar_full.png
ui\prefs\base.png
ui\prefs\disabled_hover - Copy.png
ui\prefs\disabled_hover.png
ui\prefs\disabled_idle - Copy.png
ui\prefs\disabled_idle.png
ui\prefs\enabled_hover - Copy.png
ui\prefs\enabled_hover.png
ui\prefs\enabled_idle - Copy.png
ui\prefs\enabled_idle.png
ui\prefs\fullscreen_hover.png
ui\prefs\fullscreen_idle.png
ui\prefs\keepskip_hover.png
ui\prefs\keepskip_idle.png
ui\prefs\prefs_titles.png
ui\prefs\skipall_hover.png
ui\prefs\skipall_idle.png
ui\prefs\skipread_hover.png
ui\prefs\skipread_idle.png
ui\prefs\stopskip_hover.png
ui\prefs\stopskip_idle.png
ui\prefs\windowed_hover.png
ui\prefs\windowed_idle.png
ui\saveload\1_hover.png
ui\saveload\1_idle.png
ui\saveload\1_selected_idle.png
ui\saveload\2_hover.png
ui\saveload\2_idle.png
ui\saveload\2_selected_idle.png
ui\saveload\3_hover.png
ui\saveload\3_idle.png
ui\saveload\3_selected_idle.png
ui\saveload\4_hover.png
ui\saveload\4_idle.png
ui\saveload\4_selected_idle.png
ui\saveload\5_hover.png
ui\saveload\5_idle.png
ui\saveload\5_selected_idle.png
ui\saveload\6_hover.png
ui\saveload\6_idle.png
ui\saveload\6_selected_idle.png
ui\saveload\7_hover.png
ui\saveload\7_idle.png
ui\saveload\7_selected_idle.png
ui\saveload\8_hover.png
ui\saveload\8_idle.png
ui\saveload\8_selected_idle.png
ui\saveload\9_hover.png
ui\saveload\9_idle.png
ui\saveload\9_selected_idle.png
ui\saveload\auto_hover.png
ui\saveload\auto_idle.png
ui\saveload\auto_selected_idle.png
ui\saveload\empty.png
ui\saveload\quick_hover.png
ui\saveload\quick_idle.png
ui\saveload\quick_selected_idle.png
ui\saveload\slot_hover.png
ui\saveload\slot_idle.png
ui\yn\background.png
ui\yn\base_right.png
ui\yn\message_delete.png
ui\yn\message_load.png
ui\yn\message_overwrite.png
ui\yn\message_quit.png
ui\yn\message_title.png
ui\yn\no_hover.png
ui\yn\no_idle.png
ui\yn\yes_hover.png
ui\yn\yes_idle.png
voice\Kiyoko_Line_1.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_10.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_100.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_101.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_102.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_103.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_104.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_105.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_106.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_107.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_108.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_109.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_11.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_110.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_111.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_112.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_12.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_13.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_14.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_15.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_16.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_17.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_18.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_19.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_2.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_20.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_21.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_22.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_23.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_24.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_25.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_26.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_27.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_28.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_29.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_3.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_30.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_31.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_32.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_33.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_34.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_35.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_36.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_37.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_38.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_39.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_4.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_40.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_41.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_42.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_43.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_44.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_46.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_47.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_48.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_49.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_5.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_50.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_51.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_52.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_53.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_54.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_55.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_56.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_57.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_59.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_6.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_60.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_61.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_62.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_63.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_64.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_65.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_67.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_68.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_69.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_70.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_71.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_72.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_73.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_74.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_75.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_76.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_77.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_78.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_79.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_8.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_80.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_81.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_82.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_83.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_84.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_85.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_86.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_87.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_88.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_89.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_9.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_91.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_92.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_93.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_94.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_95.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_96.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_97.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_98.ogg
voice\Kiyoko_Line_99.ogg
voice\chi bf 1.ogg
voice\chi bf 10.ogg
voice\chi bf 11.ogg
voice\chi bf 12.ogg
voice\chi bf 13.ogg
voice\chi bf 14.ogg
voice\chi bf 15.ogg
voice\chi bf 16.ogg
voice\chi bf 18.ogg
voice\chi bf 19.ogg
voice\chi bf 2.ogg
voice\chi bf 20.ogg
voice\chi bf 22.ogg
voice\chi bf 23.ogg
voice\chi bf 24.ogg
voice\chi bf 3.ogg
voice\chi bf 4.ogg
voice\chi bf 5.ogg
voice\chi bf 6.ogg
voice\chi bf 7.ogg
voice\chi bf 8.ogg
voice\chi bf 9.ogg
voice\chi intro 1.ogg
voice\chi intro 10.ogg
voice\chi intro 11.ogg
voice\chi intro 12.ogg
voice\chi intro 13.ogg
voice\chi intro 14.ogg
voice\chi intro 15.ogg
voice\chi intro 16.ogg
voice\chi intro 17.ogg
voice\chi intro 18.ogg
voice\chi intro 19.ogg
voice\chi intro 2.ogg
voice\chi intro 20.ogg
voice\chi intro 21.ogg
voice\chi intro 22.ogg
voice\chi intro 23.ogg
voice\chi intro 24.ogg
voice\chi intro 25.ogg
voice\chi intro 26.ogg
voice\chi intro 27.ogg
voice\chi intro 28.ogg
voice\chi intro 29.ogg
voice\chi intro 3.ogg
voice\chi intro 30.ogg
voice\chi intro 4.ogg
voice\chi intro 5.ogg
voice\chi intro 6.ogg
voice\chi intro 7.ogg
voice\chi intro 8.ogg
voice\chi intro 9.ogg
voice\chi r1 1.ogg
voice\chi r1 10.ogg
voice\chi r1 11.ogg
voice\chi r1 12.ogg
voice\chi r1 13.ogg
voice\chi r1 14.ogg
voice\chi r1 15.ogg
voice\chi r1 16.ogg
voice\chi r1 17.ogg
voice\chi r1 18.ogg
voice\chi r1 19.ogg
voice\chi r1 2.ogg
voice\chi r1 3.ogg
voice\chi r1 4.ogg
voice\chi r1 5.ogg
voice\chi r1 6.ogg
voice\chi r1 8.ogg
voice\chi r1 9.ogg
voice\chi r1end 1.ogg
voice\chi r1end 2.ogg
voice\chi r2 1.ogg
voice\chi r2 10.ogg
voice\chi r2 11.ogg
voice\chi r2 12.ogg
voice\chi r2 13.ogg
voice\chi r2 2.ogg
voice\chi r2 3.ogg
voice\chi r2 4.ogg
voice\chi r2 5.ogg
voice\chi r2 6.ogg
voice\chi r2 7.ogg
voice\chi r2 8.ogg
voice\chi r2 9.ogg
voice\chi r2 a.ogg
voice\chi r2end 1.ogg
voice\chi r2end 2.ogg
voice\chi r3 1.ogg
voice\chi r3 10.ogg
voice\chi r3 11.ogg
voice\chi r3 12.ogg
voice\chi r3 13.ogg
voice\chi r3 14.ogg
voice\chi r3 15.ogg
voice\chi r3 16.ogg
voice\chi r3 17.ogg
voice\chi r3 18.ogg
voice\chi r3 19.ogg
voice\chi r3 2.ogg
voice\chi r3 3.ogg
voice\chi r3 4.ogg
voice\chi r3 5.ogg
voice\chi r3 6.ogg
voice\chi r3 7.ogg
voice\chi r3 8.ogg
voice\chi r3 9.ogg
voice\chi r3end 1.ogg
voice\chi r3end 2.ogg
voice\chi tsun 1.ogg
voice\chi tsun 2.ogg
voice\chi tsun 3.ogg
voice\chi tsun 4.ogg
voice\chi tsun 5.ogg
voice\chi tsun 6.ogg
voice\kiyoko adaptation.ogg
voice\kiyoko dan.ogg
voice\kiyoko plebs.ogg
voice\kiyoko tsun.ogg
voice\pro bf 1.ogg
voice\pro bf 10.ogg
voice\pro bf 11.ogg
voice\pro bf 12.ogg
voice\pro bf 13.ogg
voice\pro bf 14.ogg
voice\pro bf 15.ogg
voice\pro bf 16.ogg
voice\pro bf 17.ogg
voice\pro bf 2.ogg
voice\pro bf 3.ogg
voice\pro bf 4.ogg
voice\pro bf 5.ogg
voice\pro bf 6.ogg
voice\pro bf 7.ogg
voice\pro bf 8.ogg
voice\pro bf 9.ogg
voice\pro intro 1.ogg
voice\pro intro 10.ogg
voice\pro intro 11.ogg
voice\pro intro 12.ogg
voice\pro intro 13.ogg
voice\pro intro 14.ogg
voice\pro intro 15.ogg
voice\pro intro 16.ogg
voice\pro intro 17.ogg
voice\pro intro 18.ogg
voice\pro intro 19.ogg
voice\pro intro 2.ogg
voice\pro intro 20.ogg
voice\pro intro 21.ogg
voice\pro intro 22.ogg
voice\pro intro 23.ogg
voice\pro intro 24.ogg
voice\pro intro 25.ogg
voice\pro intro 26.ogg
voice\pro intro 27.ogg
voice\pro intro 3.ogg
voice\pro intro 4.ogg
voice\pro intro 5.ogg
voice\pro intro 6.ogg
voice\pro intro 7.ogg
voice\pro intro 8.ogg
voice\pro intro 9.ogg
voice\pro r1 1.ogg
voice\pro r1 10.ogg
voice\pro r1 11.ogg
voice\pro r1 12.ogg
voice\pro r1 13.ogg
voice\pro r1 14.ogg
voice\pro r1 15.ogg
voice\pro r1 2.ogg
voice\pro r1 3.ogg
voice\pro r1 4.ogg
voice\pro r1 5.ogg
voice\pro r1 6.ogg
voice\pro r1 7.ogg
voice\pro r1 8.ogg
voice\pro r1 9.ogg
voice\pro r2 1.ogg
voice\pro r2 2.ogg
voice\pro r2 3.ogg
voice\pro r2 4.ogg
voice\pro r2 5.ogg
voice\pro r3 1.ogg
voice\pro r3 10.ogg
voice\pro r3 11.ogg
voice\pro r3 12.ogg
voice\pro r3 14.ogg
voice\pro r3 15.ogg
voice\pro r3 2.ogg
voice\pro r3 3.ogg
voice\pro r3 4.ogg
voice\pro r3 5.ogg
voice\pro r3 6.ogg
voice\pro r3 7.ogg
voice\pro r3 8.ogg
voice\pro r3 9.ogg
voice\pro r3 a.ogg
voice\pro r3win.ogg
voice\pro tsun 1.ogg
voice\pro tsun 10.ogg
voice\pro tsun 11.ogg
voice\pro tsun 12.ogg
voice\pro tsun 13.ogg
voice\pro tsun 2.ogg
voice\pro tsun 3.ogg
voice\pro tsun 4.ogg
voice\pro tsun 5.ogg
voice\pro tsun 6.ogg
voice\pro tsun 7.ogg
voice\pro tsun 8.ogg
voice\pro tsun 9.ogg
